# Blackjack_Project
Introduction to Computing, Spring 2022
Project discription: 
- I created the game Blackjack using 7 classes
-	The class Card object main purpose was to returns a string representation of the card_type of the cards suit
-	And a lowval and highval function to return low ace value or high ace value
-	The CardDeck Object I created constructed the card deck, the reset function returns the deck back to the original 52 cards, shuffle function randomly shuffels the deck of 52 cards. The size function returns how many cards are left in the deck. And num cards over and num cards under returns how many cards are left that would make a player go over or stay under the limit.
-	For the Class PlayerHand objects has a sum function that will return the sum of a players cards and utilizing the low_val function created in the card class it will return the sum with the ace value 11 if it keeps a player under the limit and 1 if it makes a player go over the limit. Is bust returns true if a player goes over the limit, is natural returns true if a player is one under the limit or has a natural 21, the drop function clears a players hand and the ante amount a player chooses. And the repar function returns a string representation of the players cards, ante, and sum of the hand.
-	The class player objects main purpous is to see if a player wants another card with the stand function and is given the option yes or no to either receive another card or stand with the cards the player has. Get ante will show a player his or her points and give them the option to select an ante out of their points. Wins function gives the player their ante back as well as a match of their ante from the dealer. Loses take takes the players ante and tie give the player their ante back.
-	AIPlayer is a childclass of Player class and their stands function is different due to an evaluated risk a player chooses. It calculates how far away the AIPlayer is away from going over the limit and creates an evaluated risk based on the number of cards over by the size of the deck. If the evaluated risk is less than the risk the player choose the aiplayer receives another card otherwise stands. 
-	The dealer class inherits from AIPlayer and for their stands function if they are = or greater than 17 they have to keep their hand otherwise I make a supercall to the AIPlayers stands functions that will do the same evaluated risk. 
-	And finally the BlackJack class that brings everything together. The sit_at_table function adds the human player to the game with a limit, their name “you”, and points set at 1000.
-	A player can choose to either begin game, create an aiplayer, delete the aiplayer they created or quit the game. Begin game will start the round resting the deck back to 52 and randomly shuffling, player will give their ante and dealer deals them two cards. 
